TALKING ABOUCAUSE YONE IS
LIFEG AMERICANS STRUGGLING WITHT
ED
ONE OF THE MOST PROFITLEPHARMACD
NOTHE KAISER FAM
THFOUND THAT THE LIST PR ARE TL
EM $936 A MONTH HERE INIT
IN THE UNITED KINGDOM,
AUSTRALIA, A AND WE
HE300 A
UNITED STATES WE GO
ONLY AROUND $300 A  G
NETHERS.SENATOR
WANTS ANSWERS AS TO WHY THESE
PRIC
OUTRAGEO HNDT NA
SANDERS FROM VERMONT JOINS US
NOW HE IS THE CHAIRMAN OF THE
SENATE HLT EDUCATION, LABOR
AND PENSIONS COMMITTEENATORFOR
JOININN MARCH, RESEAHEYALE
FOUND THATAN BE PROFITMANUFAESS
COUNTRY FOR THESE DRUGS OTHER
ROFITS
HE
JAKE, YOU SE THE
A Y DIVIDENABUTERE IS ATS, REPUU
COMPANIEO
NOT E THANER
COUNS SAME PRODU.
SOMETIMES 1015THE SAME E
YO A VIMPORTANT END
PRODUCTS THAT GAME CHANGES
THN HAVE A TREMENDOUSLY  IMPACT
MEAN NOTHING TO AN AMERICAN WA T
OBY.OT AFFAT
CASE. THERE ARE ESTIMATES OUT ES
PROD W
EA THAN
INSECO INT  MEDICARE AN
INCREASE IN DING ON THOSE
FEDERAL  INSURINFAANKRUPT
GET
LE ON . HA
J NOVO  BORCOMMITTEE AND SIMPLN
THINKS IT'S APPROPRIATE
TO CHARGE US 15 TIMES MORE THAN
UK?  SO OBVISLANT IC
PH BECAUSE E TO DEFEND, BU ASK
ABOUT HOW MERCK NOT ONLY ATINS
DEVELOP A
PARASITIC WORMS. AND ULTIMALY DN
GIEARCH TING RIV BSS. S MY QUES
IKE TH
ATNOT THE NORM N WHEN H
SEATS
R PRIVAT CS
>> WELL, NOT THAT'S A ODQUESTIOR
SOEAKTHRS
OURSRIGHT  DANIES, YOU HAVE TEN
TOP DRUGRLE OVERBILLION IN
PROFITS IN THE W
SPEAK, JAKE RIGHT HERE, I'ON
CAPITOHIHE 1,800
WELL-PAINNING OVMAKE SURE THAT R
THIPON
IN THIS COUNTRY MANY OF
NYGIVE THEIR CEOS NSOLLARS A YE
ORPRITKS,  THEY'RE
TYSTEM
WHICH SYSTEM IMPORTANT
RE DEVELOPMENT T SO THAT WE CO
DEAL WITH IMPOT ISSE
THAT ARE O THERETHISTE
W NOW, WHICH
PEOPLE, JUST IS T G AND
A SIMPLE QUESTION THAT THE
MAUSTRY IT'S
GOTTA ASK OURSELVES, THEY MAKE
SELLING OZEMPIC
GEANY FOR 59HOW MUCH E THEY MAK
IN T UTHATDU FOR ALMOS,0
THAT'S THE ES
TO.
UT TO NOVOISK FOR COMM
SPOKESMAN  WE LOOKTO DISCUSSINGS
THAT ENSURE ACCESS AND
PATIENWITHIN THE CPL U SYSTEM U
>> DO YOU HAVE CONFIDETHAT
THE MPY
WIOMPROMISE.
>>WOST ME
ACHIEVE SOMETHING LIKE THAT. ER
AN A R.
SYSTEM OUR HEALTH CARE SYSTEM
IS OBVIOUSLY BROKEN. NAL. WE SP
AS MUCH FOR ALTH
ITHE PEOPLE OF ANY OTHER
COTS ARE
OFTENOND
PHUTICAL AREA IS ALSO CLEARLY B
WILLU IS, WHILE REBATES AND THEY
OFSTILL0% REBATE BUT AT THE D
CHARGING AFTER THE
MUCH HIGHER IN THETH
AVERAGE PERSON WHO DOESN'T
ANY INSURANCE, W WALKS INTO A
DRUGOR PRODUCT,
TO PAY SS
PRICE IF YOUCO-PAYS, IF
YOU HAVE DEDUCTIBLES, YOU'RE
GONNA PAY A HELL OF A LOT OF
MONE SWOULD HOPE I
WOULD HOLD NOVO NORDISK
DOWN WITH US AN
NOT GOT GOING TO THE AMERICAN
CANADIANS PAY 150 S YING 900 SOT
SUBSTANTIAY
THAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE
TO PORTURN TO ANOTHER ISSU
THAT YOU CARE A T
BLINKEN, WHO WAS IN ISRAEL LASTT
WH N
SASECRETARY A  IT'
BEEN CONSUMEIN THE PAST
MIS
WITHHOLDIEA
AMMUNITION STEWARDISRAEL,
FIGHTING FOR ITS LIF FG
MIES SECRETARYN TIOND GHESE
D BE
THE CASE SE MINI
NETANYAHU SAYS, SEET
BLINTO
RISHIPMEWO BUT
AS YOU HEA, NYU
VABLE THATPAST FEW MS,TION HAS H
WEAPONS AND AMMUNITION TO
ISRAEL. WHAT'S YOUR REACTWI TEL
>> I BELIEVE IINIS THAT WHILE W
IST OR S
TAISRAEL, KILLING 1,0
PEOPLE TAKING WHAT ISSO INCONCE
THE LAON ISRAEL
S KILLED SOMPALESTINIANS, WOUND
IN GAZA. THE
MEDIL ZA, THE
EDUCATIONAST
OF WHICH IS TO ME
INEI NOW,
AS WE SPACCORDING TO THE
WHO AREUFRIM CHILDREN HAVE E GS
ALREADY IN GAZA STARVE TO L OF N
INTERNATL O ME, RICAN AND
WHAT IS INCONC FOR
THE ENTIREESE,'SO TOD, THE WIN'
I MEAN, YOU SAIDABOUT ISRAEL SH
ANUSLL POLICIE THE
NETANYAHU GOVERNMENT T
YOHE
FAIRS COMMITTE
AND NAELATIONS
COMMITTEE ARE SIGNING OFF IN
TH
SELLING WHAT
LARGESEVER TO
SOME 50, 15 FIGHJETS ION
INCLUDED SYOU DO NOT A
TOINAJITIN YOUR
EPENDENT. N ON
>>K
THE DEMOCRAT Y
POINT THGH
>> I DO GET YOUR POINT. YOU HA
REASONS WHICH  DISCUSS IT. LIGH
YOU HAVE SUPPORT
WRG.ISHI
OUT H WHERE E
AMERICAN PEOPLE THE AMERICAN
PE WANT TOSU
RAEL IS ABLEFEND ITSELFNSATTACKN
AMERICAN PEOPLE EE A STARVATIO,
THE NETANYAHU GOVERNMENTS
DOING RIGHT NOW.O,GUESS THERE AW
HOLD THASITION. I HAPP TO
EVE IT IS